Today I'm going to tell a story about a migrant worker girl in Shenzhen.
This girl was born in 1994.
She looks very young and her voice is also very soft.
Well, for migrant worker girls, their family situations are generally not very good.
When she was a child, her family's living standard was just average among those in the village.
However, when she was in the first grade of senior high school, something unexpected happened in her family.
Her father had a stroke. 
Due to the failure to seek medical treatment in a timely manner 
and the fact that the doctor they found at that time was unreliable, 
her father became paralyzed in both lower limbs and couldn't get out of bed.
The economic situation of her family became even worse, like adding insult to injury.
At that time, her family couldn't afford to support her schooling anymore.
She was quite sensible. Because of what had happened, on the one hand, 
she went back home to take care of her father, 
and on the other hand, she did some odd jobs in the village to earn a little extra money to support the family.
Life was really tight for them.
After more than two years, 
her former classmates who used to study with her either went to universities in other places or went out to work in other cities. Her mother also thought that since her daughter had grown up, staying in this small village would lead to no future. It would be better to let her daughter go out and work, so that she could earn more money.
She agreed and then set off for Shenzhen.
Because she didn't have a diploma and didn't have any connections either, 
she could only work in a factory in Shenzhen.
Perhaps because of her previous experiences, 
she didn't think working in the factory was too tough. 
So she stayed in the factory until 2016. (She sent money home during that time.)
When she went back home at that time,
her elder sister suggested that she try to look for other jobs outside. 
After all, staying in the factory all the time wasn't a long-term solution.
She also thought it was worth a try. Anyway, if she couldn't manage it,
she could just go back to the factory. There wouldn't be any real loss.
So she quit her job in the factory and became a waitress in a restaurant.
Perhaps it was related to the environment she grew up in since childhood. 
She was very timid and spoke in a very low voice. 
When she couldn't hear clearly what the customers said, 
she didn't dare to ask them. She could only keep nodding and saying "mm-hmm". 
As a result, she was scolded by the restaurant owner several times.
She secretly cried many times as well.
She probably stayed in the restaurant for about a month and then resigned. 
She felt that this kind of job wasn't suitable for her,
and the factory was more to her liking.
So she went back to the factory and worked there for a while.
When her elder sister learned about this, she gave her a good scolding.
Her sister told her to go back to work in the restaurant.
Otherwise, she would be screwing things all her life and would never amount to anything.
In fact, she also thought the same way, but she just couldn't make up her mind. 
After being scolded by her sister, she told herself that she should give it another try. 
This time, no matter how hard it was or how much she was scolded, 
she must grit her teeth and persevere.
So she found another new restaurant to work in. 
At first, she often made mistakes. 
But this boss was nicer and wouldn't scold her as fiercely as the previous boss did.
After three months of working there, 
she became quite familiar with the affairs in the restaurant. 
She was also diligent, but she was really not good at communicating with others.
Later, when she got the hang of everything, 
both the boss and her colleagues came to like her very much.
It's worth mentioning that she was very loyal to her boss. 
Because she had worked in this restaurant for several years 
and even went through the period of the epidemic. 
There was a time when the boss couldn't even pay the wages,
but she still chose to work for this boss.
Fortunately, the restaurant's business picked up later, 
and the boss remembered her kindness. 
So the boss promoted her to be the store manager. 
Later, when the restaurant opened some branch stores, 
the boss also asked her to manage the new stores and train the new employees.
She looks quite happy now.
She is very satisfied with her current job. 
Her income has increased, and the situation at home has improved a lot as well. 
She said that she was very grateful that everything was developing in a good direction.





